Hello, our today's review
will be devoted to the shell from
Chinese according to h 3 st 30 h
as you see it is made in style
pindos
that is, no district is used more correctly
she tries to be like him
let's imagine the desktops to
we could get acquainted briefly
here is the tab listened but always ingots 140 with
lunch
the translation itself should not be
what contribution to them
coffee with
there is a process
in fact this is an ordinary worker became
im just icons made in such
here
tiled design
application menu too
no cheek away
widgets
here are such shields and there is of course and and seeing
loan when there is the usual
and in my opinion there is a major
shell failure
while you are using beautiful 4 4 all
healthy wonderful
but as soon as you bet
Kokoyty ordinary and Chita
all charms otherwise the case right away
appearance of juventus in general
immediately lost
but as you see
here it is
wireless setup panel
she says she doesn't fit
and
lives here because he himself is the same
if you wish you can use
shell
which put the manufacturer
take advantage of the balanchine side
for example since locust
as you see here a little bit
slows down
but in general, work is tolerable enough
so now about the settings
here use create four on
four
Upgrade to 4 1 is planned
I'll say these even more now
stressed that 4 and 1
it is still no fifth in the metro interfaces
clean mandrogi so if you
all this rampage tiles don't like that
you can always install clean
bug in pure android
by the way I liked it much
more
Well, of course you still need to consider
she worked scratching 3
I dedicated to individual human shell
since he
video review of the tablet itself I will
use exactly
net profit of 4 1 to show you
interface speed
but at the same time it was impossible
not to mention such an interesting
Chinese manufacturer's solution
I personally like this risk is not very
liked
but it is clear that this is all about lovers and
maybe you
then you will like
all is well